hi there and welcome to MRSA mini my
name is Thomas O'Malley I'm a mini says
executive here at MRSA many in temporary
today I'm going to do a demonstration
for you are many park assist in our
lakes in shiny new model f56 mini follow
me
so you can see there this mini is fully
equipped with a visual booth stereo it
also has mini park assist so now we need
to go find a parking space first of all
we're gonna
now you can see at the front of our BMW
sure we have lined up some minis so
include a mini countryman and the new
f55 5-door mini hatch
so we'll just turn them into your own
Park Assist is a feature that works for
parallel parking so you can see the
space above the 5-door mini and just
behind the MINI Countryman so the first
thing we need to do is we need to tell
the car that we want to use Park Assist
so we just need to hit the switch down
here you can see their radar sensors on
either side of the mini so we'll just
take our time now I'm gonna drive past
the cars
I'd say the beam will be short and the
mini should indicate to us that there's
a space once you're past it
you can see their Park Assist will bring
up the P st. just to tell you that there
is a space so we just need to indicate
right to begin parking manoeuvre and
engage reverse gear so we put the car
into reverse whatever Park Assist is you
do you you do have to use the pedals and
the mini will steer itself into the
space so I am currently using the
acceleration Republic
you can see the mini will also ask you
this right forward
No
Oh minis no parked using Park Assist so
we're just gonna say the carrot when you
see how it looks from guilty so you can
see the mini ice cube in his face
thank you for taking time to watch the
video thank you for visit arsons on
YouTube
you